= gitmine

Gitmine displays the last 10 commits of your repo and their associated redmine ticket status.

== Install

    gem install gitmine

== Setup

Put the config file '.gitmine.yml' at the root of your project. Here is a sample file:

    host:     'http://redmine-gitmine.heroku.com'
    github:   'pcreux/gitmine'
    # Redmine API key is required for private Redmine projects only.
    api_key:  'your_api_key'
    statuses:
      # Should be the database id of the closed / deployed status in Redmine
      reviewed: 5
      # Should be the database id of the staged status in Redmine
      staged: 3

You can also put config value in your home directory under '~/.gitmine.yml'.  This is a great place to store host, api_key and statuses if they do not change from project to project.  Values in the local .gitmine.yml always override those in the home directory.

== Usage

=== gitmine branch BRANCH_NAME

Create a new branch, push to origin, add github links to gitmine ticket

Example: 

    gitmine branch 1234-my-branch

See here: http://redmine-gitmine.heroku.com/issues/10

=== gitmine checkout ISSUE_ID

Checkout remote/local branch starting with ISSUE_ID

Example: 

    gitmine checkout 1234

=== gitmine stage ISSUE_ID

Merge the branch to staging, update redmine issue status

Example: 

    gitmine stage 1234

=== gitmine reviewed ISSUE_ID

Merge the branch to master, delete remote branch, update redmine issue status

Example: 

    gitmine reviewed 1234

=== gitmine delete ISSUE_ID

Delete remote branch starting with ISSUE_ID

Example: 

    gitmine delete 1234

=== gitmine log

Displays latest 10 commits and the status of their associated Redmine tickets

    $> gitmine log
    8497d68 In Progress  Philippe Creux  Add branch command. Need refactoring.Issue #10
    b0132d2 Closed       Philippe Creux  Gitmine now works on case sensitive FS. Issue #8
    b77fb0c N/A          Philippe Creux  Add Greg Bell as an awesome contributor.
    9f3e464 N/A          Greg Bell       Moved CommitMsgToIssueId module into the Gitmine::I

== Note on Issues

* Issues are managed by redmine on http://redmine-gitmine.heroku.com/projects/gitmine
* Thanks for reporting issues on http://redmine-gitmine.heroku.com/projects/gitmine/issues/new

== Contributors

* Philippe Creux  http://github.com/pcreux
* Greg Bell       http://github.com/gregbell

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Philippe Creux. See LICENSE for details.
